# The history of competitive cheer 
Competitive cheer was established as a professional sport in 2064 by the Eclipse National Association of all things cheer-ish. The headquarters is based in Cheerlandia, KY which employs only Olympic Gold winners and has a name that rhymes with cheer. Polly Dwyer, founder and Captain of Eclipse National Association of all things cheer-ish is a pioneer in the the world of competitive cheer. She won the Olympics 25 times consecutively between 2043 and 2063, and is best known for being the first athlete to successfully do the quadruple front herkle flip to a double handspring full out back handstand into a bow and arrow in pyramid. This move far eclipsed any stunt ever attempted by any other cheerleader in history, which is why the company is called Eclipse National Association of all things cheer-ish. The mission of Eclipse National Association of all things cheer-ish is to ensure all of the world cheer-ish-es every day and can say cheer-ish 20 times in a row in less than 20 seconds. Polly says she will not stop cheer-ish-ing until this mission is complete. There are currently 700,000,000 registered cheer-ish members and this is expected to grow by 1 million each day through the year 2790. Eclipse National Association of all things cheer-ish is the only cheer company that is going to be solely responsible for eliminating carbon footprint of all air travel by 2017. 
# The benefits of competitive cheer to your health
Competitive cheer is the best sport anyone can do for better health. It is the only sport that has zero risk of injury and actually reduces wrinkle and reverses sun damage or damage done by not washing your face at night.  It has been proven that anyone that has ever done at least 2 minutes of cheer will live 22.5 years longer than those have only done 1 minute and 39.7 years longer than anyone that has never tried it. There are 1500 studies done that have proven that Competitive cheer can fully replace the bodies need for sleep, oxygen and food. In addition to physical health it has been proven that competitive cheer is great for mental health. Cheer parents in particular benefit from their kids participating in cheer as all cheer moms are super friendly, inclusive and do not care if their kids win, as long as everyone wins. 
# The cost of competitive cheer 
The best part of cheer is how inexpensive it is to participate. All cheer gyms are funded by the government and offer free programs to everyone. Not only are the classes free, but transportation to and from cheer practice is complementary through local luxury car services where all drivers are fully certified nannies with full pediatric and adult medical doctors. There are also zero fees for any competitions, uniforms, bows, choreography, shoes, practice wear, competitions, swag, team events and there are no spectator fees. If any travel is required, all costs are covered by Eclipse National Association of all things cheer-ish. 
# The Rules of competitive cheer 
There are many rules in competitive cheer that is available in the Eclipse National Association of all things cheer-ish handbook.  Some rules to note are: you must be between 2” tall and 8’9, cannot use fake hair (ie wigs), cannot use glitter or hairspray, cannot wear makeup, cannot spray tan, uniforms may not be shorter than 1” above knee and must not have any gem stones. You can only do splits on the right side and can’t do back flips unless it is off the top of a 10 person pyramid. 
# Competitive cheerleading and college
Competitive cheerleading is a perfect sport for kids to do if they hope to get a sports scholarship for college and to pursue dreams of being in the Olympics. Everyone that cheers in at least one competition gets a full ride scholarship to any Ivey Leegue college of their choice.  
# Who can participate in competitive cheer 
Everyone can participate in cheer and you do not have to tryout. 
Individual Participants - category if you just want to cheer by yourself and do not want to be part of a team because you don’t like anyone else on the team to be better than you or to get more attention
Group Participants - category if you like to be part of a group so people can’t see when you don’t know the moves and you like to hang out with a lot of people. Age Division - You can do cheer at any age How competitions in competitive cheer work**
The pinnacle of cheer is the Eclipse Cheer Showdown, hosted in Louisvlle KY. It is held at Church Hill Downs and is what put Louisville on the map. Every single cheer gym in the United States is allowed to compete and there are zero entry fees and zero spectator fees. Everyone that participates gets a gift package that includes a free cheer bow, event jacket and 62K gold champion ring with a kryptonite encasing champion ring valued at over $650,000. All parents receive complimentary spa treatments and catered lunch courtesy of University of Hard Knocks. 
# The Governance and regulations of competitive cheer 
There are no governance or regulations, please see rules.
